gh-121609: Fix pasting of characters containing unicode character joiner (#121667)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-07-13-09-51-44.gh-issue-121609.jWsE5t.rst

> Fix paste of characters containing unicode character joiner in the PyREPL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix pasting of characters containing unicode character joiners in the new REPL. Patch by Marta Gomez Macias
```
